New flow for data deletion and editorial improvements (#629)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/relying-party-entity-configuration.rst

    - JSON object defining the formats and proof types of Verifiable Presentations and Verifiable Credentials the RP supports. It consists of a list of name/value pairs, where each name uniquely identifies a supported type. The RP MUST support at least "*dc+sd-jwt*". The value associated with each name/value pair MUST be a JSON object "**sd-jwt_alg_values**" that MUST contain a JSON array containing identifiers of cryptographic algorithms the RP supports for protection of a SD-JWT. The *alg* JOSE header (as defined in :rfc:`7515`) of the presented SD-JWT MUST match one of the array values. See also `OpenID4VP`_ Draft 20 Section 9.1.
  * - **jwks**
    - JSON Web Key Set document, passed by value, containing the protocol specific keys for the Relying Party. See `JARM`_ Section 3, `OID-FED`_ Draft 41 Section 5.2.1 and `JWK`_.
  * - **erasure_endpoint**

>     - [CONDITIONAL.] JSON String that represents the URI to which the Wallet Instance can request deletion of Users’ attributes. This URL MUST use the *https* scheme. This endpoint MUST be present whenever the Relying Parties requests attributes that can uniquely identify Users such as the Codice Fiscale claim of the PID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [CONDITIONAL] JSON String that represents the URI to which the Wallet Instance can request deletion of Users’ attributes. This URL MUST use the *https* scheme. This endpoint MUST be present whenever the Relying Parties requested attributes that can uniquely identify Users such as the tax_id_code claim of the PID.
```

.. note::

>     The parameter **response_uris** is introduced in this specification. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The parameters **response_uris** and **erasure_endpoint** are introduced in this specification. 
```
